hey Barcelona here's how to do Bowling
For Soup the girl the bad guys want so
it's a little bit hard like one of those
songs it sounds easy but it is a little
bit tricky so what I would do is pull up
the two tabs that I think are helpful so
the first one is version six and it's
super accurate but I don't know how good
you are like this would be too hard for
a lot of my students to play um like
beginner students so that's just because
it uses like a lot of kind of subtle
little things but here's the intro from
that tab so can I go one thing this
needs to be drop D tuning so what you
have to do real fast if you don't know
how to do drop D tuning is you need to
say is in regular tuning
and power cords like power cords like
that right
listen drop D so you do is hit the D
string I'm starting this now power cords
are like this okay so if there's make
sense you just get a tuner and tunas
down to D then what you want to do is
look at version 16 shows real Gators so
that was fast but you structured slow so
you got it kind of helps us remember the
first notice then he goes to four and
five so they I mean the the notes on the
bond string and okay now I memorize it
was the first part the next part I would
also look at version 6 and after this I
would go to the other tab which is
version I don't know what version it is
I'm not sure but it's the alright easier
tab in the description so I the the easy
the easier tabs got this part wrong
definitely so look at version six for
this it's going to be all zeros
zero one two three four one two three
four and five and seven four times
after this I switch to the easier tab to
learn the other parts because they're
accurate enough the only thing like I
said was wrong was that intro on the
verse cuz they have zero they have this
is not right after that you want to go
up to look at this verses verse part two
and she walks it's gonna be nine zero
lose that part and then you got this is
pre-chorus 0 0 2 2 4 4 5 5 and then 2 2
2 the next part is right under
pre-chorus it's going to be 2
then there's a part that's not in the
easier tab so you gotta go back to
version 6 and let me see where it is
it's called it's kind of a hard one but
let's put it in here
it's called middle section in version 6
gonna go it's kind of weird it goes 9
you can do this locket thing seven nine
five seven four six two four and then a
five and also the easier one doesn't
have this other part I'll do this to
it's called the breakdown it goes
so what you do is you're going to do
zeros - you can do a little slide
actually the whole song so again I'm
kind of it's one of those songs that
it's like easy easy to kind of do but
kind of hard to do exactly like they're
doing so start out with these parts and
then if it's too easy and let me know
and I'll just do version six because
it's got like a lot of weird stuff like
where you got to be that sounds good but
it's definitely getting harder so let me
know all right bye